As Walt Disney said
|f you can dream it
you can do it
Now what makes me laugh is i know
right now, some of the people listening to that,
they say that's bullshit
there are just limits
to what humans can do
And i get that response
I understand it
I used to respond to everything like that
I used to see only the difficulty
I used to see only the  ways
in which it couldn't work out
And I couldn't see I was literally blinded by fear
I was blinded by some bizarre sense of pride
that wanted to justify my limited existence
that didn"t wanna have to face that I could be doing more
that i could be more
that my life was somehow less
than what it could be
And so I would laugh at quotes like that
And i know right now I've the chills
I know right now
there are people that are laughing at that
All they can think about are the limits
All they can think about are the things
that prove him wrong
And guess what
he is wrong
There really are limits
But if you fucking waist your time focused on that
You'll never going to create the momentum that you need
to actually make something come true in your life
You can build virtually anything  but
if you get hung up on the fucking virtual part
if you let that stop you
If you
immediately go to the things that ultimatelly limit you
and hold you back
that is where you gonna stay forever because if you argue for your limitations
guess what my friend
they become
yours
And congratulations
You now get to live in that box
You get to live in that self defined prison
but if  like Teddy Roosevelt said
Instead of that you keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground
And you don't act
like somebody who can't see that sure there are limits There are edges to this universe
But you're looking not at that
You're looking at how you really execute
You're dreaming big and you're remembering that your feet ultimately is that contact point
It is where the rubber meets the road
It is that moment of doing
And so if instead of rejecting it
because your feet must stay planted on the ground
remember that in keeping your feet on the ground that's the moment of action
That's the moment of doing something about it
that's the moment of seeing the fucking possibillities and then
moving
doing something making it real
so  right now give up on those weird
mental mechanisms that make you actually
want to fight  for the things that are impossible
to get people to believe in it to get people to understand why
you've chosen to stand still
instead of that convience yourself that  you should be moving
And go do what you know
you're destined to do